
--- Page 1 ---
LOAN CUM HYPOTHECATION AGREEMENT

THISAGREEMENT IS MADE attheplace and date as specified inthe Schedule between those persons, whosename(s) and address( es) areas specifiedin
the Schedule (hereinafter called the "Borrower(s)") of ONE PART and AXIS Bank Ltd., acompany, incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 anda
Banking Company within the meaning of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and having its Registered Office and Corporate Office at ‘Trishul, 3rd Floor,
Opposite Samartheshwar Temple, Law Garden, Ellis Bridge, Anmedabad 380 006, Gujarat and Axis House, Bombay Dyeing Mills Compomd, Pandurang
Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025 respectively and one ofthe Branch/RAC/SRAC offices at the place as specified in the Schedule here in aftercalled
the "Bank*) of the SECOND PART.
‘The expressions "Borrower(s)" and the "Bank", unless repugnant to the context, shall include their respective legal heirs, representatives, successors,
executors, administrators and assigns.
WHEREAS the Borrower(s) has/have requested the Bank and the Bank has agreed to provide Loan up-to the limit(s) as specified in the Schedule with
fullpower to the Bank from time to time to renew or reduce or enhance the limit or altogether withdaw the facility on the terms and conditions appearing
herein for the purpose of purchasing a Vehicle (hereinafter collectively and individually referred 0 as the “Loan*), details of which are specified in the
Schedule to this Loan Agreement.
IT IS AGREED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES AS FOLLOWS

1 Definitions and Interpretation
1.1. Inthis Agreement, the following meanings are applicable:
“Agreement” means this Loan Agreement for grant of Loan for the purchase of a Vehicle read in conjunction with the most important information
more particularly detailed in the Schedule.
“Borrower” means one or more entities whose name(s) and address(es) is/are stated in the Schedule executing this Agreement as borrower(s)
and each one being deemed to have made this Agreement individually and in case of more than one, all of them having agreed to liabilities hereunder
jointly and severally.
"Branch/RACISRAC" means the office of the Bank at the place mentioned in the Schedule and where the Loan is disbursed and shall include any other
Branch/RAC/SRAC where the Loan account is maintained or transferred to any time at the sole discretion of the Bank.
"EMI" orEquated Monthly Installment" shall mean the amount payable every month by the Borrower tothe Bank comprising of interest, or as the case
may be, principal and interest calculated on the basis of monthly rests at the rate applicable as stated in the schedule and is rounded off tothe next
rupee.
"Post Dated Cheques" (PDCs) shall mean the cheques issued by the Borrower to match the due date of each installment.
“Electronic Clearing System” (ECS) shall mean the debit clearing service notified by Reserve Bank of india participation which h has been consented to in
writing by the Borrower for facilitating the payment of EMI.
“Standing Instruction” (S!) shall mean the written instructions issued by the Borrower tothe Bank to debit the account d the Borrower maintained with
Bank for facilitating payment of EMIs.
“Loan" means the loans granted by the Bank in terms of this Agreement and shall also mean to include the principal amount of Loan and all dues
outstanding there under if the context so requires.
“Interest Rate” means therate at which the Bank shall compute and apply interest on the Loan, as stated inthe Schedule or as may be amended from
time to time by the Bank,
"Penal Charges” means the rate at which the Bank shall levy charges on the Borrower for the reasons as stated in the Schedule or as may be
amended from time to time by the Bank.
"Parties" means the Bank and the Borrower referred to collectively.
“Vehicle” means the Vehicie/ Vehicles hypothecated tothe Bank more particularly described inthe Schedule, forthe purchase of which, theLoan has
been granted by the Bank
“Schedule” means the schedule of this Agreement, which forms a part of the Agreement.
1.2. In this Agreement, singular shall include plural and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neutral gender.
1.3. Any expression not defined herein shall, if defined under General Clauses Act, 1897 shall carry the same meaning as assigned to it under

the said Act.

1.4. The arrangement of clauses in this Agreement shall have no bearing on their interpretation,
1.5. The clause headings are inserted for the sake of convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of the provisions hereof.

--- Page 2 ---
Bank's Agreement to lend and Borrower's Agreement to borrow
2.1. The Bank agrees, based on the Borrower's Request, Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Undertakings as contained herein and in the

application for Loan and other documents executed or tendered by the Borrower in relation to the Loan, to lend to the Borrower and the Borrower
agrees to borrow from the Bank for the purchase of the Vehicle, the Loan on the terms and conditions as fully contained in this Agreement and the
‘Schedule.

2.2 The relationship between the Bank and the Borrower as lender and borrower shail commence from the date of this Agreement and subsist until all

monies due and payable by the Borrower to the Bank under this Agreement and in all other documents pursuant hereto shall have been fully paid
to and received by the Bank.

Fees, Charges, Costs and Claims
3.1. The Borrower(s) shall bear Service Charges, processing fee, Stamp Duty, Cheque bouncing Charges, Penal Charges, Cheques Swapping

Charges, Loan cancellation/Re -booking charges, Statement charges, Duplicate Repayment Schedule Charges, Duplicate No Dues
Cettificate/NOC charges and any other fees, including GST , if any, as more particularly detailed in the Schedule, which the Borrower
agrees to reimburse to the Bank separately.

3.2 The Bank shail also be entitled to recover from the Borrower any other charges or costs incurred or claims suffered by the Bank in connection with

the Loan, including on account of execution and stamping of this Agreement and any other documentation or security creation pursuant to this
Agreement.

Disbursement

‘The Bank shall, unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and the Bank, disburse the Loan in lumpsum or in sultable installments to be decided by the
Bank by issuing a Banker's Payment Order or a Demand Draft crossed as "A/c Payee only’

.in the name of the Supplier more particularly described in the schedule and secure a receipt in the Bank's name; or

-in the nam of the previous financier towards the repayment of the previous Loan to be taken over by utilizing this Loan.

44.

Itis understood that the charges in relation tothe disbursement (including charges for issuance orfor the collection of proceeds by the beneficiary on such
Payment order or demand draft) shall be borne by the Borrower.

4.2. TheBankmaynotdisburse at anytime, any amount undertheL oan unless the following conditions arecomplied with inthesol ediscretion ofthe Bank:
3) The Loan Agreement is duly executed and delivered to the Bank by the Borrower;
b) The Borrower's submission to the Bank, postdated cheques towards repayment installments;
¢) Any other document or writing as the Bank may require in its sole discretion; and
d) Submission of ail the necessary approvals and permission from the appropriate authorities.
4.3. The Bank may not, having disbursed any amount, disburse any further amount under the Loan unless the following conditions are complied with in
the sole discretion of the Bank before such further disbursement:
) No event of default shall have occurred;
f) The Borrower shall have produced all or any other documents or writings as required by the Bank in Is sole discretion, which shall be binding on
the Borrower.

4.4. The Borrower shall repay to the Bank the amount equated in terms of monthly installments as mentioned in the schedule as shall | remain due and owing
to the Bank regardless of whether the said Vehicle is in a working condition or requires any repair or otherwise not operational and the Bank shail not be
liable or responsible in any manner for the repair or non-performance of the said Vehicle, The EMI includes the interest component,

4.5. Interest Tax and other taxesilavies as may be applicable from time to time on the Loan shall be borne solely by the Borrower.

4.6. The Bank shall be entitied to debit all other amounts due and payable by the Borrower under this Agreement (including but not limited to interest tax, fees,
‘stamp duty, processing fee, login fees, costs, service and other charges, claims and expenses including expenses which may be incurred by the Borrower
in the enforcement or attempted enforcement of security created in favour d the Bank) to the Borrower's Loan account, unless separately reimbursed to the
Bank by the Borrower. Such amounts shall form part of the Loan.

4,7. All amounts in default for payment (ie. not paid by the Borrower when due to the Bank) including arrears of EMI, interest before the commencement of Ell,
costs, charges and expenses debited to the Loan account shall attract Penal Charges and interest and Penal Charges shall thereafter accrue at such revised
rate(s) as per the schedule.

Repayment
5.1. TheLoan (including theprincipal, interest thereon and any other charges, premium, fees, taxes levies or otherdues payable by theBorrowerto the Bank
in terms of this Agreement) be repayable by the Borrower to the Bank-

5.1.1. at the Branch (or at any other branch of the Bank or at any other place as may be notified by the Bank)

5.1.2. byway of Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) as mentioned in the Schedule towards repayment of principal and interest; and

5.1.3. byseparate repayments in case where (a) theLoanis proposed tobe paid beforethe commencement of EMI or(b) towards repayment of interest
before the commencement of the EMI or (c) towards repayment of Penal Charges, fees, charges, taxes, claims, costs and expenses charged to the
Loan account.”

5.1.4, Interest onthe amount ofthe Loan is tobe applied atthe fixed rate of interest stipulated inthe Schedule tothe Loan Agreement, The rateof interest
will be fixed for the entire tenor of the loan.

5.2. The Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) amount shall be arrived at so as to comprise repayment of principal and payment of interest calculate d on the basis
of the interest rate, periodicity, of repayment, of the entire liability under the Loan at the end of its tenor and the Borrower agrees to continue paying
EMis until all amounts due under the Loan have been repaid in full to the Bank.

5.3. _Nornotice, reminder or intimation will be given to the Borrower regarding his obligation to pay the EMI regularly on each due date. It shall entiraly be his responsibility

54.

55,

56

to ensure prompt and timely payment to the Bank. Any delay or default in payment of any EMI shall make the Borrower liable to pay to the Bank, Penal Charge
(for the period of such default) as mentioned in the Schedule, besides constituting @ default thereby making all sums under this Agreement due and payable to
the Bank forthwith

All repayments of Principal and payment of interest and all other amounts by way of EMI or otherwise shall be given effect to in the Loan account in
accordance with the method of effecting payment as stated in the Schedule or as adopted by the Bank fram time to time

‘The Borrower(s) shall be permitted to make partial prepayment of the loan ahead of the prescribed EM Schedule provided that such partial
prepayment shall be permitted only once in a calendar m onth and in aggregate not more than twice in a financial year. The Borrower(s) may,
foreclose the loan (subject to foreclosure / part prepayment charges payable al the rate mentioned h the Schedule on the outstanding amount) by
giving a 30 days’ notice in writing to that effect.

The loss, theft, destruction or damage of the Vehicle shall not in any event detract from the liability of the Borrower to make the repayment herein
nor shall it affect the continuance of this Agreement.

1/We Confirm having read and understood the text contained in page no.1 and2 this agreement.

Signature of Borrower & Co Borrower(s)

4

--- Page 3 ---
57.

‘Any Pre-payment/excess amount paid by the borrower to the Bank, shall be appropriated in the loan account basis the below criteria/methodology
in the absence of any specific instructions from the borrower
8) _ Excess amount greater than (>) EMI ; - If the Service request (SR) for part payment is not created/received
funds, the excess funds will be adjusted towards principal outstanding as part payment
b) Excess amount equal to (=) EMI ; IF the service request ( SR) instructions for part payment is not created /received on the same day
of receipt of funds, excess amount will be refunded back to borrower's operative account
©) Excess amount less than ( <) EMI; Excess amount will be kept unappropriated in the loan account for 15 days; post 15 days the
excess funds shall be adjusted towards principal outstanding as a part payment

jin 2 days of receipt of

6. Covenants for Price of the Vehicle

6.1.

62.

63.

64.

‘The parties hereto confirm that the Vehicle Price has been arrived at after taking into account all relevant taxes, duties an d levies applicable as on
the date of this Agreement. The Borrower(s) agrees that the installments shall be increased by any fresh imposition or increase in Vehicle Price,
taxes, duties, levies and charges during the subsistence of this Agreement or that are or may be levied on the Installments or the transaction hereunder
‘ormay become payable bythe Bankby virtue or entering intothis Agreement. Inthe event of such taxes, duties, levies and charges increasing during the
period of the placing of the order of the Vehicle and its acceptance and eventual delivery to the Borrower(s), such increase shall be bome and paid
by the Borrower(s).

If the price of the Vehicle is revised upwards after the date hereof, then and in that event the Borrower(s) shail pay all of the amount (in addition to
the amount paid or to be paid by limit along with the Loan as the price of the Vehicle) that may be required for acquiring the Vehicle at such revised
price and the Bank shall beliabletopay any amount by way of Loan or otherwise for such revision in price of the Vehicle.

Ifthe Borrower(s) fails to pay the amount as mentioned in Sub clause 7.2 within fifteen days of revision of the price of the Vehicle or within the period
allowed for this purpose by the manufacturer ordealer ofthe Vehicle, whichever is earlier, then and in that event the Bank atits discretion as agent of the
Borrower(s) cancel, annul or rescind the booking of the Vehicle and collect the refund of booking price (after such deductions as may be made by the
manufacturer of the Vehicle or its dealer) for adjustment thereof against any amount that may be due and payable by the Borrower(s) to it in terms.
hereof,

‘The Borrower(s) for the purpose of clause 7.3 hereby irrevocably authorizes the Bank to cancel, and/or rescind any booking of the Vehicle and to
receive any refund or booking price of the Vehicle from the manufacturer thereof or its dealer.

7. Security

7A.

72.

7.3,

74,

In consideration of the Bank having granted/agreed to grant the Loan Facility, the Borrower/s hereby HYPOTHE CATES to and charges, as securityto
the Bank, for securing the moneys that may from time to time become due and payable by fie Borrower/s tothe Bank and the Balance Duetothe Bank, by
way of First Exclusive charge in favour of the Bank the assets of the Borrower/4 which are more particular described in the Schedule hereto (hereinafter
referred to as "Hypothecated Assets") and the same SHALL BE AND STAND HYPOTHECATED to the Bank by way of first charge as security for
the due repayment of Loan Facility and also for all indebtedness or liabilities of the Borrower's to the Bank together with all interest, commissions,
costs, charges and expenses payable to or incurred by the Bank including those for the enforcement of any of the security ( ies). Provided that in
case the Hypothecated Asset(s) is yet to be purchased or has not been delivered and/or registered with the appropriate authority, wherever
applicable, at the time of signing of this agreement, then the particulars of the assets shall be intimated to the Bank in writing, as an addendum tothis
agreement, with allthe relevant particulars of the assets including the registration details ofthe assets as may be applicable, whereupon such intimation
in writing shall form part of the Schedule attached and shall deemed to have been incorporated in this Agreement.

TheBankshallbe entitied tocall upon the Borrower and theBorrower shall beliableto furnish tothe Bank additional and/or alternate security as decided by
the bank in the event of any substantial deterioration in the value of the security and the Borrower shall be bound to provide any additional security within
30 days from the receipt of the letter from the Bank.

‘The Borrower shall execute any bonds, promissory notes for the Loan and all such documents, power of attomey(s/undertakings and agreement as
maybe required by the Bank at any time during the pendency of this loan.

That the Bank is not responsible for delivery of duly endorsed Registered Certificate and that the Borrower(s) shall not withtold payment of installments
of the pretext that Registration Certificate has not been delivered.

8. Bank's Rights:
The Bank shall, in relation to the Loan:

a)

b)

e)
4)

e)

9)
h)

have the sole right at any time during the tenure of this Agreement to revise/reschedule the repayment terms/ amount of EMI or of any other
‘amounts outstanding there under and the Borrower shail make all future repayments to the Bank according to such revised schedule on being
notified by the Bank of such revision or reschedulement;

have the sole right to amend any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement including but not limited to revision of Interest Rate (including the Penal Charge),
periodicity of compounding interest, method of effecting credit of the repayments without assigning any reason to the Borrower and the Borrower agree that such
revision shall become applicable from date of such revision in the records of the Bank;

have the right to receive and adjust any paymentis that it may receive as an assignee of the insurance in relation to the Vehicle towards amounts
due and/or payable by the Borrower under this Agreement;

have the right to enter upon the premises in which the Vehicle is kept or wherever the Vehicle is available for the purpose of inspecting,
examining

and repossessing the same. In the event of any resistance or prevention of access either by the Borrower or any other person, the representative
of the Bank shall be entitled to break open the lock or the door of the premises where the Vehicle is situated and enter the premises for th @
purpose herein stated;

be entitled todisclase any information about the Borrower, his account relationship with the Bank md/or any default committed by him (whether such
information is provided by the Borrower or obtained by the Bank itself and whether in form of repayment conduct, rating or defaults) toits head office,
other branch offices, affiliated entities, Reserve Bank of India, any Refinancing agency and such third parties as the Bank mayin ts sole and exclusive
discretion, deem fit and proper. The Bank shail also be entitled to seek and receive any information as it deems fit in connection with the Loan
andlor the Borrower from any third party; and

be entitled to require the co- Borrower, in the event of the co-Borrower opting to resign or retire from the employment prior to the age of
superannuation or is discharged or removed from service before such date for any reason whatsoever, to instruct his employer to remit the entire
dues (including provident fund, gratuity and compensation) becoming payable by the co-Borrower from his employer on account of his such
cessation of employment and to receive and appropriate the same towards the co-Borrower's liability under the Loan,

have a lien and right of set-off on all moneys belonging to the Borrower standing to their credit in any account whatsoever with the Bank

--- Page 4 ---
9. Borrower's Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Undertakings.

9.41.

4)

e)

9)

h)

)
k)

m)
a)
0)

P)
]

y

2)

bb)

cc)

dd)

With a view toinduce the Bank togrant the Loan tohim, the Borrower, hereby represents/warrants to/ covenants/ underOkes with the Bank thatiit-
a) has furnished complete and accurate information and details tothe Bank about himself and no vital information has been omitted tobestated
b) shall always have until all his dues hereunder arenotrepaid tothe Bank, aclear and marketable tileto the Vehicle, free from all

‘encumbrances whatsoever
c) Shall not, during thetenure of this Agreement, avail of or obtain any further Loan or facility on lie security of the Vehicle without the prior
written consent of the Bank.

shall in addition to the income’ financial statement/s required by the Bank furnish such other information’ documents concerning his employment,
trade, business, profession or otherwise as the Bank may require from time to time;
shail obtain and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect all authorizations, approvals, consents, insurances, licenses,
permissions and renewals required in or by the law of India in relation to this agreements, each of the Collateral Documents and the performance
of obligations hereunder and hereunder and the Vehicle;
shall get the Vehicle registered with the appropriate Registering Authority under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 and ensure to note the lien of the
Bank on RTA document;
shall not apply for any duplicate Registration Certificate for the Vehicle otherwise than by delivering the application thereof to the bank for
‘endorsing its charge of the Vehicle;
shall also keep deposited with the Bank a copy of the Insurance Policy when he receives the same and shall pay all premia and other amounts
due under the said Policy punctually as and when they become due and shall take all steps necessary to maintain the insurance Policy in full
force and effect and shall abstain from doing any acts whereby the said Policy may or likely to be vitiated and ensure to note the lien of the Bank
on the Insurance Policy document.
shall do all acts as may be required to maintain the Bank’s status of sole beneficiary under the said insurances and receive money thereon. In
an event any Insurance claim is received, it shall first go towards settling the Borrowers Loan account with the Bank and any balance shall
be alone be refunded to the Borrower, In case installment settlement is lesser than the amount due to the bank the Borrower shall forthwith pay it
to the Bank, the said deficit amount,
shall promptly inform the Bank of any loss or damage to the Vehicle due to any force majeure or Act of God;
shall in addition to the income’ financial statement/s required by the Bank furnish such other information! documents concerning his employment,
trade, business, profession or otherwise as the Bank may require from time to time;
shall promptly and without requiring any notice or reminder from the Bank, repay to the Bank the Loan in accordance with the Repayment n
Terms mentioned in the Schedule;
shall (in case of more than one Borrower) be jointly and severally liable to repay the Loan, interest and all other sums due and payable under this,
Agreement and to observe its terms and conditions;
shall maintain the Vehicle in good order and habitable condition and not allow it to deteriorate or commit any act which is destructive or
permanently injurious to the Vehicle or do anything which will render the security in favour of the Bank, insufficient;
shall pay and discharge all rates, taxes, outgoings and charges pertain to the Vehicle;
where applicable, shall inform the Bank of any likely change in his employment;
shail not during the tenure of this Agreement, either part with possession of or create third party rights in the Vehicle or any part of it (whether by
way of sale, exchange, lease, mortgage, agreement or option or otherwise);
shall not stand surety or guarantor for any third party liability or obligation;
shail not leave India for employment or business or long stay without first fully repaying the Loan then outstanding due s payable with interest and
other dues;
shall comply with all the terms of the most important information and keep himself aware of the rules of the Bank, as pertaining to this Loan, and
in force from time to time,
shall obtain all necessary licenses, permits and permissions for the use of the Vehicle under all relevant statutes including the Motor Vehicles Act,
1988, the rules thereunder or any statutory replacement or amendment thereof,
agrees and undertakes that the Vehicle shall be operated and driven only by those persons holding a valid driving license.
shall not remove the Vehicle or permit or suffer it to be removed from the State of without the permission of the Bank. Provided that the Bank
‘shall be entitled though not bound to grant a general or continuing permission for the use of the Vehicle for a specific period of time and/or for a
specific destination outside the State aforesai
undertakes to intimate the Bank of any change in his residential address or employment or any change in the premises where the Vehicle is
normally retained (when immovable) within 10 days from the date of such change.
shall duly secure the endorsement in regard to this Loan and lien-marked to the Bank in Registration Certificate Book and in the files and records
of the Regional Transport Officer as required by law and shall submit to the Bank immediately thereafter, copies of the Registration Certificates
duly certified. In case any fresh registration is required, the Borrower undertakes that the same shall be similarly endorsed to establish the
hypothecation to the Bank
‘shall duly get the Final invoice lien-marked to the Bank.
agrees and undertakes that he shall not do or permit to be done any act whereby the registration to the said Vehicle is suspended or cancelled.
shall assume all personal liabilities for any injury or accidents to any person or property arising from or the use of the said Vehicle and shall
indemnify and keep the Bank indemnified against all claims or liabilities of whatsoever nature arising by reason of theuse of thesaid Vehicle or
otherwise howsoever,
agrees to maintain the Vehicle in good and serviceable condition throughout the period of this Agreement and promptly carry out repairs that may be
necessary for its smooth operation.
shail not do or cause to be done any act which may result in

1/We Confirm having read and understood the text contained in page no. 3 and 4 this agreement.

Signature of Borrower & Co Borrower(s)


--- Page 5 ---
92

93

94

95
96

97

99

ee) the Vehicle being seized or confiscated by any authority under law.

ff) shallinthe event ofthe Vehiclemeetingwith any accident, immediately inform theBank ofthe occurrence of such accident and shail complete all
acts and formalities as may benecessary inlaw toensurethat the security ofthe Vehicleisnotjeopardized in any manner. Soalsoifthe Vehicle is
lost, stolen or damaged, the Borrower shall immediately notify the Bank and shall at his own expense duly notify the Insurance Company and take
ail steps for the repair or recovery ofthe Vehicle and in ordertosecureits full insurable value. Any such writing sall bedelivered totheBank within
three working days of such damage or lodgment of claim;

The Borrower(s) warrants that the Borrower(s) shall have and maintain sufficient balance in the account in the account of the drawee bank for
payment of Post-dated Cheques, SVECS instruction on the day when any installment therein become payable and for 45 days thereafter to honour any POC.
Borrower(s) agree(s) to keep bank account (details of which the Borrower(s) has/have submitted to the Bank for setting up the Standing Instruction
(NACH Mandate to recover the EMI/Instalment) adequately funded at least one day prior to the repaymenV/EMI due date. Borrower(s) understand
{s) and agree(s) that if the Borrower(s) fail(s) to fund the bank account as aforesaid and the Standing Instruction/NACH Mandate fails to be
honoured on the repayment/EMI due date, Bank shall be at liberty to levy applicable charges as per the Loan Agreement in addition to the other
rights available to the Bank under this Loan Agreement and applicable lawiregulatory guidelines

The Borrower(s) hereby warrants and undertakes that the Borrower(s) has paid all public demands and all taxes and revenues payable to the
Government of India or the Government of any state or to any local authority and that at present there are no arrears of such taxes and
revenues due and outstanding.

It shall be the Borrower's obligation to keep himself acquainted with the rules of the Bank, from time to time.

‘The Borrower hereby agrees and undertakes that no such person whose name is appearing in the list of Willful defaulters shall be inducted on
its board and that in case, such a person is found to be on its Board, it would take expeditious and effective steps for removal of such person
from its Board.

For individuals
The Borrower agrees that he/she is not a politically exposed person (PEP) and further undertakes to inform Axis Bank in the event that he/she and/or

any of their family members /close relatives becomes a PEP. In such an event, the Bank will obtain approval from its senior management to continue the
business relationship and subject the account to the Customer Due Diligence measures as applicable to the customers of PEP category including
‘enhanced monitoring on an ongoing basis.

Definition -Politically exposed persons are individuals who are or have been entrusted with prominent public functions in a foreign country, @.g., Heads
of States or Governments, senior politicians, senior governmentjudicial/military officers, senior executives of state-owned corporations, important

political party officials, etc.
For non individuals The Borrower agrees that none of its Director/Partner/Trustee/Office Bearer/Promoter/Authorised Signatory/Beneficial owner in

the organisation or any of their family members /close relatives is/are a politically exposed person (PEP) and further undertakes to inform Axis Bank in
the event that either of them becomes a PEP. In such an event, the Bank will obtain approval from its senior management to continue the business
relationship and subject the account to the Customer Due Diligence measures as applicable to the customers of PEP category including enhanced
‘monitoring on an ongoing basis.
Definition - Politically exposed persons are individuals who are or have been entrusted with prominent public functions in a foreign country, e.g., Heads
of States or Governments, senior politicians, senior governmentijudicial/military officers, senior executives of state-owned corporations, important
political party officials, etc.
The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Bank has a right to award a separate mandate to our Auditor or any independent
‘Auditor, as the Bank may deem fit with a view to obtain a specific certificate regarding diversion /siphoning of funds by the Borrower. The
Borrower agrees and undertakes to co-operate with such Auditors and provide the necessary information and/or documents as may be
required by such Auditors. The Borrower also agrees and undertakes to bear all the expenditure in respect of obtaining the said Certificate
‘and agrees to indemnify and keep the Bank indemnified in this regard,
‘The Borrower declares, assures and states that, except as mentioned hereunder, the Borrower is not a director nor relative" of any director or
‘one of its directors/partners /members (if the Borrower is a companyipartnership firm) is a director; of the Ban or any other Banks including
Scheduled Co-operative Banks, subsidiariesitrustees of mutual funds/ venture capital funds; and the Borrower is rot a relative" or none of its
directors! partners/ members (if the Borrower is a company/partnership firm) of any Senior Officer" of the Bank or of any other Banks;
“The term ‘Senior Officer’ means an officer of the Bank, who is in equivalent scale as an officer in senior management level in Grade IV any
officer and above in a nationalized bank or any officer in equivalent scale in the State Bank of India and associate banks and in any banking
‘company incorporated in India.
“The term “relative” shall mean and include any or all of the following persons: (a) Spouse (b)Father (c) Mother (including step-mother) (d)
Son (including step-son) (e) Son's Wife (f) Daughter (including step-daughter) (g) Daughter's Husband (h) Brother (including step-brother) (i)
Brother's wife §) Sister (including step-sister) (k) Sister's husband (I)Brother (including step-brother) of the spouse (m) Sister (including step-
sister) of the spouse.
‘The Borrower makes the above declaration solemnly and sincerely believing the same to be true and knowing fully well that on the faith and
of the correctness thereof the Bank has agreed to grant the Facility. The Borrower also agrees that it is a condition of the grant of the
Facilities that if any statement made with reference to the above is found to be false at any time the Bank shall at liberty and entitled to revoke
the Facilities. OR The Borrower declares that the Borrower is related to the directors and /or Senior Officer(s) of the Bank or of any other
Banks as specified hereto:

Sr.No. Name of Director(s) / Senior Officers) Designation Relationship

10 Indemnity
‘The Borrower(s) shall indemnify the Bank and keep indemnified the Bank save and harmless on demand h respect of any actions, claims, costs, damages,
demands, expenses, losses and liabilities made against, suffered or incurred by the Bank arising directly or indirectly from or in connection with: ~

a)
b)

any failure by the Borrower(s) to comply with the provisions of this Agreement and/or

any liability including third party liability that may arise out of the possession, operation and use the Vehicle by the Borrower(s) or by its
employees or by its Agents of by other persons whosoever whether or not authorized by the Borrower(s) for use of the said Vehicle and incidental
to that purpose and/or

--- Page 6 ---
°)

d)

any claims, losses, demands, actions, costs, expenses, and liabilities incurred or suffered by the Bank by reason of the representations and
warranties given by the Borrower(s) being false or untrue in material respect and/or

any claims, losses, demands, actions, costs, expenses and liabilities incurred of suffered by the Bank by reason of the hypothecated

Vehicle not being free form encumbrance and/or any previous charge.

‘The Borrower(s) shall keep the bank informed of all development regarding such actions, claims, cost, damages, demands, expenses, losses and
liabilities and shall not dispute, compromise or otherwise deal with the same subject tothe consent given by the Bank. The Bank shail however be under no
obligation and/or liability tothe Borrower(s) toprovide and assistancein connection withany such claim that the Borrower(s) may require.

11 Insurance and Maintenance

444

112

11.3

14

15

1.6

WT

The Borrower(s) shall at its own expense during the continuance of the security herein keep the Hypothecated Vehicle covered under
comprehensive risk, including riot, civil commotion risk, fire, theft, unlimited third party risk and other hazards as stipulated from time to time with
such insurance company as may be required by the Bank by timely payment of all premia in respect of such insurance and produce and deliver (if so
required by the Bank) any insurance policy, cover note or receipt on demand by the Bank for its inspection and verification.

The insurance palicy to be taken out hereunder shall be in the name of the Borrower(s) and the Bank shall be described as los s payee/beneficiary
under such insurance.

If the Borrower(s) fails to keep the Vehicle in @ good and marketable condition, the Bank may without prejudice to its rights and remedies under this
agreement and in law take such steps as it may deem fit to keep and maintain the Vehicle or insure or renew such insurance at the Borrower's costs,
charges and expenses, which shall be reimbursed by the Borrower(s) on demand by the Bank.

In order to safeguard the security for the Loan and to ensure that the Bank's lien is marked on the insurance, the Bank may get the insurance done
on behalf of the Borrower(s), by being a facilitator and making the premium payment of the approved insurance company through the Borrower's
postdated chequesipay orders/any other payment instructions. However any non-payment on the part of the Bank due to any reason whatsoever
shall not affect the liability of the Borrower(s) to pay the necessary insurance premium and to keep the Vehicle(s) insured. The first claim on any
insurance proceeds shall be that of the Bank with respect to insurance policy and its renewal as stipulated from time to time and the Borrower(s)
shall pay such other amount as may be specified by the Bank form time to time as nominal compensation for the service rendered by the Bank for
facilitation the above mentioned arrangement with the insurance company and ensuring that the Bank's name is marked under insurance. The
transaction fee is subject to change at the discretion of the Bank.

The Bank at its option shall be entitled to adjust, settle or compromise in any manner whatsoever at the Borrower's cost any dispute arising under or
in connection with any such policy or insurance and such adjustment, settlement and compromises shail be valid and binding on the Borrower(s)

The Bank at its option will have the right to appropriate any monies received from the insurance company towards the Borrower's obligation to the
Bank.

The Borrower(s) accepts that the Bank shall not liable for any loss on account of Non-Renewal of insurance of the Vehicle and/or delayinon-
payment by the insurance company/or any settlement claim by the Borrower(s).

12. (A) Events of default.
The Bank may by awritten notice tothe Borrower, declare all sums outstanding under the Loan (inching the principal, interest, charges, expenses) to become
due and payable forthwith irrespective of any agreed maturity and enforce the security create in favour of the Bank for the Loan upon the occurrence (in the
sole decision of the Bank) of any one or more of the following:

a)
»)

¢)

4)

e)

9)

h)

i
k)

‘The Borrower commits any default in the payment of EMis and in the payment of any other amounts tolie Bank when due and payable;

The Borrower fails to pay to any person other than the Bank any amount when due and payable or any parson other than the Bank demands
repayment ofthe Loan ordues orliability of theBorrower tosuch person ahead ofits repayment terms as previously agreed between such person and the
Borrower;

The Borrower defaultsin performing any ofhis obligations under this Agreement or breaches any oflie terms or conditions of this Agreement or any other
security documents, undertakings etc. executed in favour of the Bank:

The death, failure in business, going into liquidation / dissolution, amalgamation or reconstructed, except with prior writ ten approval of the Bank,
general assignment for the benefit of creditors, if the Borrower suspends payment to any creditors or threatens to do so, filing of any petition of
winding up against the Borrower

‘Any of the information provided by the Borrower to avail the Loan or any of his Representations, Warranties herein being found to be or becoming
incorrect or untrue;

‘Any person other than the Bank commencing proceedings to declare the Borrower insolvent or if the Borrower shall become bankrupt or insolvent
or commit act of insolvency;

The value of the Vehicle or any security (including quarantee/s) created or tendered by the Borrower, in the sole discretion and decision of the
Bank, depreciates entitling the Bank to call for further security and the Borrower fails to give additional security;

Ifthe Vehicle is destroyed, sold, disposed of, alienated, attached or restrained in any manner,

The Borrower fails to create the security as provided herein; or

The Bank, for any regulatory or other reasons, is unable or unwilling to continue the Loan;

If a receiver is appointed in respect of the whole or any part of the property /assets of the Borrower or if any attachment, distress, execution or
other process against the Borrower, or any of the securities is enforced or levied upon;

If the Borrower ceases or threatens to cease or carry on its Business or if the Co-Borrower opts to resign or retires from the employment prior to
the age of superannuation or is discharged or removed from service before such date for any reason whatsoever,

If it is certified by an Accountant of a Firm of Accountants appointed by the Bank ( which the Bank is entitled and hereby authorized to do so at
any time ) that the liabilities of the Borrower exceed the Borrower's assets or that the Borrower is carrying on business at a loss;

|/We Confirm having read and understood the text contained in page no.5 and6 this agreement.

Signature of Borrower & Co Borrower(s)

6

--- Page 7 ---
n)

°)
p)

q)

w)
x)

y)
2)
aa)
bb)

ec)

dd)

If any circumstance or event occurs which would or is likely to prejudicially or adversely affect in any manner the capacity of the Borrower to repay
the Loan or any part thereof (or the implementation of the Project).

I any attachment, distress, execution or other process against the Borrower, or any of the securities is enforced or levied upon;

If the Borrower, without prior written consent of the Bank, attempt or purport to create any charge, hypathecation, lien or other encumbrance over
the Borrower's Vehicle, which is or shall be the security for the repayment of the said Dues except for securing any other obligations of the
Borrower to the Bank;

Upon happening of any substantial change in the constitution or management of the Borrower without devious written consent o f the Bank or
upon the Management ceasing to enjoy the confidence of the Bank;

If the Borrower fails to furnish any information or documents required by the Bank;

If the Borrower fails to furnish to the Bank detailed end use statement of the Loan as and when so required by the Bank within 10 (ten) days of
receiving such request from the Bank;

The Borrower(s) falls to pay any insurance premium for the Hypothecated Vehicle or cheque bounce changes in terms and conditions hereof;
The Hypothecated Vehicle is confiscated, attached, taken in to custody by any authority or subject to any execution proceeding;
The Vehicle is distrait, endangered or badly damaged due to an accident or any other reason whatever causing the same to be a total loss in the
‘opinion of the Bank or caused body injury to any person due to any accident or otherwise
The Vehicle is stolen or untraceable for a period of 30 days for any reason whatever
Any Cheques delivered or to be delivered by the Borrower(s) to the Bank in terms and conditions hereof is not encashed for any reason
whatsoever on presentation;
Any instructions given by the Borrower(s) for stop payment of PDC! revoke SI/ECS for any reason whatsoever;
The Borrower(s) fails to supply a certified true copy of the registration certificate within reasonéle time
The Vehicle has been used or alleged to have been used for any illegal purposes or activity.
The Guarantor hereby agrees that, the Guarantor is liable to be treated as a Willful defaulter in terms of the applicable RBI guidelines, in the
event, the Lender/Bank makes @ claim on the guarantor on account of the default made by the principal debtor, and the Guarantor refuses to
‘comply with the demand made by the Lender! Bank, despite having sufficient means to make payment of the dues.

All amounts in default for payment, due to delay or non-payment of EMl/installment or interest thereon including any costs, charges and expenses or due to
‘occurrence of any other Event of Default shall be debited to the loan’ drawal account and in such case Bank shall also levy the Penal Charges and other charges
2s applicable and prescribed in the [Schedule of Loan cum Hypothecation agreement) in the said loan! drawal account for the period of default, which shall be
paid by the Borrower

However, if Borrower fails to make the payment of above said amounts in default for payment or the Penal Charges and other charges levied by the
Bank within 90 days from the due date of such payments, in that case said loan/drawal account shall be classified as Non Performing Asset
(NPA").

In order to regularise the said loan/drawal account, the Borrower shall be liable to pay all the above mentioned amounts in default and/or penal
Charges and other charges, as the case may be, {on immediate basis]

Notice on the happening of an Event of Default

Ifany event of default or any event which, after the notice or lapse of time or bath would constitute an event of default shall have happened, the
Borrower shall forthwith give the Bank notice thereof in writing specifying such event of default, or such event.

(8) Consequences of default:

In the event of any default as stated above the Bank shall have the right:-
a)To recover the entire dues of the Loan,
b)To suspend any withdrawal to be effected in the Loan account,
c) Take possession of the Vehicle whether by itself or through any of the Recovery Agents or Attorneys as may be appointed by the Bank.
4) Take any other action as it may deem fit for recovery of its dues and enforcement of the securities.

Further, the Bank shall after giving notice be entitied to forthwith take physical possession of the Vehicle and alternate sell, transfer the Vehicle either
by itself or through its agents and sell or otherwise deal with the same to enforce the bank's security and recover the dues, without the intervention of
the Court. In the exercise of the powers herein contained, the Bank shall not be bond or liable for any losses the Borrower may suffer as a result of
the said realisation and sale. In the event of the Bank or its authorised representatives being prevented from securing possession of the Vehicle, the
representatives of the Bank shall be entitled to break open the lock and enter the premises fo r the purpose herein stated.

The Borrower agrees to the procedure for recovery or for enforcement of the security which shall be as follows:

The Bank shall be giving normally a notice of 7 (seven) days to repay the entire dues of the Loan, falling upon which the Ban k shall be entitled to
repossess the vehicle through Bank's representative or any other person as may be appointed by the Bank from time to time. However in case of,
‘emergency and non-availability of borrower's details and/or whereabouts, the Bank shall be entitied to take possession of the vehicle without any
notice. After repossession of the vehicle the Bank Shall endeavor to give all the requisite information and chance to the Borrower to repay its dues
before actual sale of the vehicle.

That the Bank shall after taking the possession send a final notice of 7 (seven) days to the Borrower to repay the entire due s along with the interest,
repossession charges and any other charges as may be applicable, failing upon which the Bank shall be enticed to sale the said vehicle by public or
private auction or private treaty as it may deem fit

The sale conducted by the Bank shail be valid and complete on the date of sale and the same will be conclusive as regards to the terms of the said
sale and also the sale consideration and the Borrower shall not have any dispute/claim on the same.

7

--- Page 8 ---
wy)

yy

vi)

vii)

vil)

13.

The Bank shalll endeavor to give all reasonable chances to redeem the vehicle possession and if the Borrower pays off the entire dues before the
actual sale, the Bank shall take requisite steps to redeem the possession to the Borrower. However, the above said procedure shall be subject to the
changes/modifications as may be decided by the Bank keeping in view the guidelines issued by the RBI and/or any other regulatory authority from
time to time and the same shah be valid and binding upon the Borrower.

The Borrower agrees and undertakes not to prevent or obstruct the Bank from taking possession of the Vehicle irrespective of whether the Loan has
been recalled whenever in the opinion of the Bank, there is an apprehension of any money not being paid or the Bank's security is being jeopardized
and that the Bank's representatives will be entitied to sell, give on rent, or otherwise deal with the Vehicle by public or private auction or private treaty,
without being liable for any loss, and to apply the net proceeds thereof as specified in these presents. And in such or likely circumstances the notices
as aforesaid shall be waived.

‘The Borrower shall pay any deficiency, forthwith to the Bank. The Bank shall aiso be entitled to adjust and a right of set -off on all moneys belonging
to the Borrower standing to their credit in any account whatsoever with the Bank, towards payment of such deficiency. Nothing contained in this clause
shall oblige the bank to sell, hire or deal with the Vehicle and the Bank Call been titled to proceed against the Borrower independently of such of any
other security. The Borrower agrees to accept the Bank's accounts in respect of such sale, hire, dealing or otherwise as conclusive proof of the
correctness of any sum claimed to be due from the Borrower .In case of any deficit, the deficit amount shall be recovered by the Bank from the
Borrower.

The Bank may at the risk and cost of the Borrower engage one or more person(s) to collect the Borrower's outstanding and /or to enforce the security
and may furnish to such person the right and authority to perform and execute all acts, deeds, matters and things connected therewith or incidental
thereto as the Bank thinks fit.

The Borrower hereby agree as @ pre-condition of the said credit facility granted to it by the Bank that in case the Borrower commits default in the
repayment of the credit facility or in the repayment of interest thereon or any of the agreed installment of the credit facility on due date/s the Bank
and/or Reserve Bank of India will have an unqualified right to disclose or publish the name of the Borrower or the name of the Borrower's company!
firm / unit and its directors / partners / proprietors as defaulter in such manner and through such medium as the Bank or Reserve Bank of India in their
absolute discretion may think fit.

‘The Borrower commits a default in repayment of dues and consequently the account is to be classified as NPA, all other borrower accounts of the
Borrower, with the Bank also shall be classified as NPA as per the guidelines issued by RBI.

Appointment of the Bank as the Borrower's Attorney

That borrower do hereby irrevocably nominate, constitute and appoint the Bank acting through any of its officers or agents as his/her/its true
and lawful attorney for hinvit/her in his/heriits/their name and on behalf and at its cost and risk to do, execute and perform all or any of the
following acts, deeds, matters and things to do so as:

13.1. To execute and complete in favour of the Bank or its nominee any documents which the Bank may require for perfecting its title to or for vesting the
said Vehicle in the Bank or its nominee or any purchaser thereof.

13.2. To disburse the loan amount of purchase of the said Vehicle directly to the dealer/seller and obtain a receipt for such payment from the
dealeriseller.

13.3. To take inspection directly or to engage any Advocate, Chartered Accountant or registered trade practitioner for taking inspection of my/our income
tax returns and assessment proceedings, Appeal proceedings etc. relating to the current and previous Assessment years, This authority is being
given to the Bank to enable the Bank to verify the veracity of various representations made by melup the undersigned, for seeking auto loan from
the Bank.

13.4. To appear before the office of Registration Authority, Regional Transport Officer, Sales Officer and other authorities through advocates or any such
authorized person deemed necessary by the Bank to effect endorsement of hypothecation in the registration certificate an d transfer the Vehicle
when necessary.

13.5. To obtain, receive, demand or collect any form, certificates, registration books, booking order, insurance policies or other documents form any
Registering Authority, manufacturers of the said Vehicle and/or its dealers.

13.6. To take possession of the said Vehicle in case of default and for the purpose enter the premises where the said Vehicle is packed, as per terms of
the Agreement,

13.7. To transfer, sell or dispose of the said Vehicle and sign and execute all or any forms, declarations or instruments, as may be necessary or
expedient for giving effect to the delivery to the said Vehicle to the purchaser thereof.

13,8. To appoint or engage any broker, dealer or auctioneer for affecting any such transfer, sale or disposition of the said vehicle.

13.9. To sign, execute necessary forms, documents or to give notice to the appropriate Registering Authority for effecting transfer of the said Vehicle in
favour of the purchaser.

13.10. To receive the consideration of the sale, transfer, disposition or dealing of the said Vehicle and issue proper receipt or receipts to give a valid and
effectual discharge for such consideration.

13.11. To take delivery, actual possession or custody of the said Vehicle as and when demanded by the bank.

13.12. To appoint or engage any broker or other agent for taking possession or effecting delivery of the said Vehicle.

13.13. To sign and deliver or otherwise perfect the hypothecation created or to be created on the said Vehicle and to do all such acts, deeds and things as
may be required for exercise of or any the powers hereby conferred

13.14. To sign and deliver the necessary forms that may be required to be filed or necessary with Registration Authority or other authorities under the
Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 or any other law for the time being in force to record the charge of hypothecation on the said Vehicle, created or to be
created in favour of the Bank,

1/We Confirm having read and understood the text contained in page no.7 and8 this agreement.

Signature of Borrower & Co Borrower(s)

8

--- Page 9 ---
13.15. To pay any fees, charges, penalties, imposts, premiums, taxes or other impositions to any Registering Authority, insurance companies or other

authorities for the said Vehicle.

13.16. To act as a facilitator and make the premium payment to any insurance company and/or insure, renew such insurance at my/our costs, charges

and expenses which shall be reimbursed by me/us to the Bank.

13.17. To obtain, receive, demand or collect any forms, certificates, registration books, booking order, insurance policies or other documents form any

Registering Authority, manufactures of the said Vehicle or its dealer/sellers.

13.18. To cancel, annul or rescind booking of one or more of the said Vehicle and to get refund of any such booking amount from the manufacturer or its

dealer by issuing receipts as valid and effectual discharge for such refund.

13.19. To fil in and complete any cheque that may be lying now or thereafter with the Bank duly signed by me, or on our behalf with such amount, date

andlor name of the payee that may be deemed fit by the Bank,

13.20. To get requisite information from my employer as may be expedient to ascertain material particulars,

13.21.1n case of default by melus of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, to transfer, sell, give on hire, dispose of, give deliver of and otherwise

howsoever deal with the said Vehicle and to sign and execute all agreements, contracts, declaration form instruments and other writings
whatsoever as m ay be necessary or expedient in that behalf,

13.22. To give notice, if required to the appropriate Registering Authority andlor such other authority in law, for the registration of the said Vehicle upon the

sale, transfer, disposal, deliver thereof.

13.23. To delegate all, any or more than one of the powers, authorities and liberties herein vested and to appoint any substitute to any one or more

purpose or purposes as the Bank shall from time to time desire in that behalf.

13.24 For the better doing, performing and executing all the matters and things aforesaid. the borrower hereby further grant unto the said Bank full
power and authority to substitute and appoint in its place and stead on such terms as it may think ft one or more attomey/s to exercise for malus as
my/our attorney/s any or all the powers and authorities hereby conferred, to revoke any such appointments and to substitute or appoint any other
personis place of such attomey/s as the Bank may from time to time think fit.

‘And generally todo, perform and execute, al acs, deeds, matters and things relating fo or conceming or touching these present as fly and effectually
as if Borrower was personally and had been done, performed or executed the same myseltourselves.

This authority shall be binding upon me/us, the undersigned and mylour legal successors prior and post to the grant of the loan and shall be irrevocable
during the tenure of the loan as the same is coupled with interest and consideration, until a ‘sums due and owing by me/us has been paid to the Bank.
And Borrower hereby agree to ratify and confirm all and whatsoever the Bank shall do or cause to be done in or about the premises by virtue of these
presents,

14. Assignment and Transfer.

14.1, The Bank shail have a right to sell or transfer (by way of assignment, securitization or otherwise) whole or part of the Loan and outstanding
amounts under the Loan or any other rights and obligations of the Bank under this Agreement or any other document pursuant hereto to any
person! entity in a manner or under or under such terms and conditions as the Bank may decide in its sole discretion without reference to or
intimation to the Borrower.

14.2. The Borrower expressly agrees, in the event of sale or transfer as aforesaid, to accept such person to whom the Loan is sold or transferred as his
lender and make the repayment of the Loan to such person as may be directed by the Bank.

14.3. The Borrower shall not be entitled to directly or indirectly assign his rights or obligations under this Agreement in part or in whole to any person.

15. Banks appointment of Agent.
The rights, powers and remedies available to the Bank under Law and under these present, shall be exercised by the Bank through any of its
employees or agent and the Bank may delegate any or all of the said powers and authorities to such employee or agent.

16. Benefit of Agreement

16.1. In case of the death of the Borrowers(s), where the Borrower(s) is an individual the legal representative shall do the following.

a) Apply under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 to get the Vehicle transferred in his name.

b) _ Replace the PDCISU/ECS, insurance premia cheques, fees, charges and residual cheques signed by the deceased Borrower(s), in the same

‘manner as provided in this Agreement as if he was the Borrower(s) in the first instance.

c) Execute a fresh Agreement, Power of Attomey and such other documents as required by theBank.

d) Provided that the Bank shall be entitled to exercise its sole discretion in determining whether or not to enter into an Agreement etc. with the legal

representative and subject to further, the legal representative meeting the Bank's credit criteria and other requirement form time to time.

€) _ Incase the legal representative does not or refuses to follow the above procedure or does not meet with the Bank's credit and other requirements

the Bank shail be entitled to, at its sole discretion repossess/dispose off / sell/transfer the Vehicle to any third party or to a third party, which the
Bank shall nominate and the short fall on such recovery shall be recovered from the legal representative.

16.2. The Borrower(s) shall not assign or transfer all or any of its right, benefits and obligations hereunder except with the prior written permission of
the Bank.

16.3. The Borrower(s) expressly agrees, recognizes and accepts that the Bank shall be absolutely entitled and have full power and authority to
‘securities in whole or in part, and/or whether with or without the underlying security the auto Loan along with all the amounts outstanding thereon,
in such manner and on such terms the Bank may decide, irrespective of whether the Bank gives the Borrower(s) and/or the guarantor any notice
regarding the same.

17. Arbitration

All disputes, differences and / or claim or questions arising out of these presents or in any way touching or conceming the same or as to
constructions, meaning or effect thereof or as to the right, obligations and liabilities of the panes hereunder shall be referred to and settled by
arbitration, to be held in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 or any statuary amendments thereof, o f a sole
arbitrator to be nominated by the Lender/Bank, and in the event of death, unwilling ness, refusal, neglect. inability or in capability of a person so
appointed to act as an arbitrator, the Lender/Bank m ay appoint a new arbitrator to be a sole arbitrator. The arbitrator shall not be required to give any
reasons for the award and the award of the arbitrator shail be final and binding on all parties concemed. The arbitration proceedings shall be held
Mumbai Delhi / Chennai! Kolkata

BorrowerX. Co-BorrowerX


--- Page 10 ---
18. Miscellaneous
18.1. Without prejudice to the Bank's other rights and remedies, the Bank shall be entitled to charge at its own discretion enhanced rates of interests on

the outstanding in the Loan accounts or a portion thereof or for any default or irregularity on lie Borrower's part which in the opinion of the Bank
warrants charging of such enhanced rates of interests for such period as the Bank may deem fit. The equated Monthly installments will have to be
paid till the entire Loan and interest is fully repaid. Further, the amount of equated monthly installment may changelincrease as may be decided by
theBank

18.2. Itis hereby agreed between the parties that the Schedule may be amended, revised, substituted by way of written communication by the Bank

to the Borrove fom time to time. Such correspondences between the Bank and acceptance thereof by the Borrower shall be deem ed to be an
‘iuogral pat ofthe Agreement and shal be fead in Conjunction thereot

18.3, All or any other conditions as specified in the most important information shall form an integral part of this Agreement and the most important

information shall aways be read in conjunction with this Agreement at all times.

18.4, Without prejudice to any other term of this Agreement, the Parties expressly agree that any payment made by the Borrower to the Bank under this

Agreement shall be appropriated by the Bank in the following order-
a) costs, charges and expenses that the Bank m ay expend to service, enforce and maintain the security and therefore recover the Loan,
interest and ail sums due and payable by the Borrower to the Bank under this Agreement.
b) _ interest on amounts in default and loss of profit on the defaulted amount’s;
c) interest;
d) principal amount of the Loan.

18.5. The parties agree that any delay or omission by the Bank in exercising any of its rights, powers or remedies as the tender of the Loan under this

Agreement and other documents pursuant hereto shall not impair the right, power or remedy or be construed as its waiver or acquiesce by the
Bank.

18.6. The Patties confirm that this Agreement and its Schedule and any other documentation pursuant toitrepresent one single agreement between the

Parties.

18.7 This Agreement supersedes all prior discussions and representations between the parties, including the Bank brochure, save with respect to the

obligations of and representations made by the Borrower to the Bank set forth in any correspondence, application forms or otherwise made or
agreed to be madehawsoever.

18.8 Laws of India shall govern this Agreement, the security and other documentation pursuant hereto and Courts having jurisdiction where the

Branch/RACISRAC is situated shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all aspects governing the interpretation and enforcement o f this Agreement,
the security and other documentation pursuant hereto. Nothing herein shall limit the right of the Ban to take proceedings against the Borrower in
any other Court of competent jurisdiction within India nor shall the taking of the proceedings in one or more jurisdiction preclude the Lender from
taking proceedings in any other jurisdiction within India, whether concurrently or not.

18.9 The addresses of the parties shall be as mentioned under the Schedule. The Borrower shall forthwith inform the Bank of any change in his Address.
18.10 Any notice or request required or permitted under this Agreement to be given by either party to the other shall be only in writing and sent on the

a)

b)

address of the other Party as mentioned in the Schedule (or in case to the Borrower, on the address of the Borrower last known to the Bank):
I given by the Bank, may be given by personal delivery, fax or by post and shall be deemed to have been served upon or recei ved by the Borrower,
if given by personal delivery, when so delivered and if by post on expiration of 3 days after the same has been delivered to the post office for
‘onward transmission to the Borrower under certificate of posting; and

If given by the Borrower to the Bank when it is actually received by the Bank.

18.11 The Fair Practice Code for the Lenders as published on the Axis Bank's website, shall apply to the Loan, Copy of the Fair Practice Code for
lenders as available on the Bank's website

19, CIC Disclosure Clause
19.1. The Borrower also agrees, undertakes and confirms as under:
‘The Borrower understands that as a precondition relating to the grant of and/or continuing the grant of Credit Facility to the Borrower, the Bank requires the
Borrower's consent for the disclosure by the Bank of, information and data relating to the Borrower, of the Cred it Facility availed of / to be availed by the
Borrower, in discharge thereof.
Accordingly, the Borrower hereby agrees and gives consent for the disclosure by Bank of all or any such:

a) Information and data relating to the Borrower;

b) _Theinform ation of data relating to its Credit Facility availed of / tobe availed by the Borrower md

c) Default, if any, committed by the Borrower, in discharge of the Borrower's such obligation;

d) —_astheBankmaydeem appropriate and necessary, todisclose and furnish to Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited ["CIC"] and any other
agency authorised in this behalf by Reserve Bank of India ["RBI").

The Borrower declares that the information and data fumished by the Borrower to the Bank are true md correct.

19.2. The Borrower also undertakes that:

a) CIC and anyother agency so authorised may use, process the said information and data disclosed bytheBank inthemanner a sdeemed fit by
them; and

b) —_ ClCand any other agency so authorised may furnish for consideration, the processed information ard da ta disclosed orproducts thereof
prepared by them, toBank(s)/ Financial Institution(s) and other Credit Grantors or Registered User4 as may be specified by the

RBI in this behalf,

19.3. The Borrower hereby gives specific consent tothe Bank/Lender for disclosing / submitting the ‘financial information’ as defined in Section 3(13)ofthe Insolvency

and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 ( ‘Code’ for brief )read with the relevant Regulations/ Rules framed under the Code, as amended and in force from time to time and as
‘specified there under from time to time, in respect of the Credit/ Financial facilities availed from the Bank! Lender, from time to time, toany ‘Information Utility’ (‘IU
for brief ) as defined in Section 3( 21 )of the Code, in accordance with the relevant Regulations ed under the Code, and directions issued by Reserve Bank of
Indiatothebanks from time totimeand hereby specifically agree topromptly authenticate the financial information submitted by theBank/Lender, as andwhen
requested by the concemed ‘IU’

10

--- Page 11 ---
20. TheBankshallsharethe preprinted copy of the above agreement terms and conditions withthecustomer along with the welcomekitTheparties hereto
have executed/ caused to be executed these presents on the day and year written h the Schedule hereinafter appearing.

Name of Borrower(s) (Sign.)x

Name ofCo-Borrower(s)_ (Sign.)X

“(in the case of HUF/Partnership name of all the member/ Partners required ifunless Letter of auth¢ Tization is there.)
Affix Common Seal of the Company.

For the Bank

Signed and delivered by

‘Axis BankLtd. bythehand
ofi/s authorised signatory : Mr/Ms.

1

--- Page 12 ---
SCHEDULE TO LOAN CUM HYPOTHECATION AGREEMENT
Date of Agreement : Place of Execution :

Branch/RAC/SRAC Address :

Name of the Borrower(s)/
Co-Borrower(s) (in the case (First Name) (Middle Name) (Surname)
of HUF/Partnership Name

of all the member/ Partners

required) (First Name) (Middle Name) (Surname)
(First Name) (Middle Name) (Surname)
(First Name) (Middle Name) (Surname)
(First Name) (Middie Name) (Surname)
Address(es) of Borrower(s)/

Co-Borrower(s) (In case of
non-individual address

should be registered

address/as per Tel.:

constitutional document) P
E-Mail :

Facility :

Rupees: (In Words) :

Tenor in Months:

To (Eg, ans wth Tenor uplo We months) —TYearMCIR par Spread wpa

Interest Rate: “Effective Rate of interest % p.a. ". No Rese
|5_(Forloans with tenor > 36. ‘months)-"Efiective Rateof interest %p.a
Penal charges | “Financial Default: 8% p.a. above applicable interest rate on the overdue

amount (subject to the aggregate not exceeding 24% per instance)
Cheque/Instrument return Charges: = 339 per instance
Cheque/Instrument swapping charges: % 500 per instance

Loan Cancellation/Re-booking charges: % 550 per instance

ROC Charge creation fees (Only for company cases): 2500 per instance
Paid by customer

Debited from Disbursal Amount

Statement Charges: % 250 per instance

Duplicate Repayment Schedule Charges: ~ 250 per instance

Duplicate No Dues Certificates/NOC Charges : % 50 per instance
***Foreclosure Charges | 5% of Principal outstanding

“maak escent 5% of Principal outstanding

Service Charge/Processing Fee:

Documentation Charges : %700/-

PDD Collection Charges | %250/- per instance

GST:

Stamp Duty - As applicable according to State Stamp Law.
Paid by customer

Debited from Disbursal Amount
Issuance of Credit Report: % 50 per instance
Valuation Charges (Applicable for Used Car Only) :% 590 (inclusive of GST)

Goods and Services tax (GST) will be charged e
"Financial Default includes all types of payment or financial defaults/imegularities with respect to your Loan Account.
There shail be no capitalisation of Penal Charges.

“Pre-Payment charges are not applicable for fixed rate loans up to 50 lakhs to Micro and Small Enterprise (MSE)

BorrowerX Co-BorrowerX

12


--- Page 13 ---
Repayment Repayable according tothe Tenor bymonthly Equated Monthly

Terms : Installment (EMI) as stated below.
EMI Amount : EMI Amount

fume fe
EMI Amount : EMI Amount

fume fe
EMI Amount : EMI Amount

Fe

EMI Payment Dates:

First EMI Date :

Pt
Post Dated CHeques Number of PDCs:
Standing Instruction (SI):| Account Number:
SI Number and Date:

Electronic Clearing
System (ECS)
Disbursement :

By direct single payment/part payment in favour of

a

Chassis No.
Engine No :
Model :

Mfg. Date :
a

Supplier/Agency :
Insured Amount :
Premium Payable :

Signed and Delivered bythewithin borrower/s, this Schedule toLoancum Hypothecation Agreementonthe
date hereinabove mentioned.

Name of Borrower(s) (Sign.) X

Name of Co-Borrower(s)*: (Sign.) X

(Sign.) X

(Sign ) X

*(inthe case of HUF/Partnershipnameofallthemember/partnersare requiredif authoritynot given to one person to
execute agreement)
Affix Common Seal of the Company.

13

--- Page 14 ---
Ie, Date:
Manager,
AXIS Bank Ltd. Place:

Sub: Request for Disbursement of My VehicleLoan (App ID ;_____)

\/We have been sanctioned aLoan of Rs. (Rupees

by your bank for purchase of

Vehicle, I/We Request you to kindly disburse the amount from my Loan amount as mentioned below:

[_ Kindly tick if disbursement through INF A/c.

1, Details For disbursement through INF Ac/RTGS-NEFT/INTERNAL TRANSFER: (Mark as NA if not applicable)
Particulars INF A/c RTGS/NEFT/I.T RTGS/NEFT/I.T

Beneficiary Name.

Bank Name

Bank A/c No
IFSC Code - In Capital letters
Disbursement Amount(in Rs.)

2. Details for Disbursement through “Demand Draft" : (Mark as NA if not applicable)

Be DD Favoring DisbAmt [in Rs.)

3.

Particulars Amount (in Rs.)
Life Insurance
a

1/We also request you tokindly deduct my EMI on___of every month
\/We are aware that |/We need to pay PRE-EMI for the broken period* even if my loanisfully disbursed.

Information to Borrowers:

0) Interest on loan shall commence from the disbursement INF Ac/DD/Internal Transfer/RTGS-NEFT date.

b) Disbursement demand draft is to be collected within a day of disbursement DD date, however subject to clearance
of pending documents.

Yours faithfully,

Applicant Co-applicant Co-applicant

“Broken period: from date of disbursement till the EMI cycle date.

14

--- Page 15 ---
h AXIS BANK

Date:

STANDING INSTRUCTION REQUEST

From

To:
AXIS Bank Ltd.,

Ref: Execution of Standing Instruction

Dear Sir,

Thisisinreference tothe. loan of INR

(Rupees (in words). ) sanctioned tome by
Retail Assets Center, . My loan account No. is [| LETTTIT TTI

and Customer IDis

|, therefore, request you to please accept this authorizing mandate to debit my Axis Bank savingsaccount
Number[_| | from on due date towards the recovery ofrepayment
ofdues/EMI, over the entire tenure of loan, as per the terms and conditions ofloan agreement schedule oras per the revised
instructions in line with the Bank's policy.
| undertake to maintain sufficient balances to cover the loan repayment dues (& charges, if any) on the stipulated
due dates. | also understand that failure to repay the dues through this standing instruction shall be treated as a
default in repayment of dues and all charges/penalties, as covered by the agreement, will hold good towards the
non-payment of obligations.
Borrower(s) | agree(s) to keep bank account (details of which the Borrower(s)I has/have submitted to the Bank for setting up
the Standing Instruction/NACH Mandate to recover the EMI/Instalment) adequately funded at least one day prior to the repayment
/EMI due date. Borrower(s) understand(s) and agree(s) that if the Borrower(s) fail(s) to fund the bank account as aforesaid and
the Standing Instruction/NACH Mandate fails to be honoured on the repayment/EMI due date, Bank shall be at liberty to levy
applicable charges as per the Loan Agreement in addition to the other rights available to the Bank under this Loan Agreement and
applicable law/regulatory guidelines
Please treat this as an irrevocable communication as an authorization to debit the said savings bank account every month
withthe amount due towards the repayment of my loan. Inthe event of above account getting closed / transferred forany
reason, I/We will intimate to the Bank the new account opened with the bank to debit the loan repayment amount/s. Further,
\Wealso undertake to submit afresh set of mandate in regards tothe same.

lalso understand and accept that the Bank will have the right to set-off, without prior intimation to me, the available balances
inthedesignated account for recovery of overdue installments and/or charges (if any)inthe loan account.

Thanking you,
Signature and account number verified

Yours faithfully
For Axis Bank Ltd

Name:
Customer Name (accounts holder/s): Employeeld:

Employee Signature:

15

--- Page 16 ---
Addendum to Auto Loan agreement

Auto Loan Application/Account No.............2000eeeeeeee s+eeee ditional terms and conditions

(a) RBI vide its guidelines (reference no. RBI/2021-2022/125 DOR STR REC.68/21.04.048/2021-22) on ‘Prudential
Norms on Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning, pertaining to Advances ~ Clarifications’
dated 12-11-2021 has clarified and/or harmonized certain aspects of the extant Regulatory guidelines. The
Borrower agrees, undertakes and confirms that the Bank has brought the following clarifications to the notice of
the Borrower and the Borrower confirms of having been apprised of as follows

1.1 Additional terms and conditions:

[Term Loans] Bank will deduct my/our EMI and other repayment/charges in terms of my Term Loan account on
of every month’quarter/half year commencing from 20. Lunderstand that if I do not pay my EMI
on the above-mentioned date, my account will be considered as ‘Overdue’ from the end of that date.

My frequency of repayment shall be at rests.

1.2 Classification as Special Mention Account (SMA) and Non-Performing Asset (NPA)

(i) Dues: shall mean the principal / interest / any charges levied on the loan account which are payable
within the period stipulated as per the terms of sanction of the credit facility

(ii) Overdue: shall mean the principal / interest / any charges levied on the loan account which are
payable, but have not been paid within the period stipulated as per the terms of sanction of the credit
facility. In other words, any amount due to the bank under any credit facility is ‘overdue’ if it is not
paid by the due date fixed by the bank.

(iii) Relevance of the principle of 'First In First Out’ (FIFO) in appropriation of payments into the

Borrower's account: The principle of FIFO ie. 'First In, First Out’ accounting method is relevant to
arrive at the number of days overdue for determining the SMA/NPA status. The FIFO principle
assumes that the oldest outstanding dues in the loan account needs to be cleared first. The FIFO
method thus requires that what is due first must be paid by the Borrower first. For example, if in any
loan account as on 01-02-2021, there are no overdues and an amount of INR X is due for payment
towards principal instalment / interest / charges, any payment being credited on or after 01-02-2021
in the loan account will be used to pay off the dues outstanding on 01-02-2021
Assuming that nothing is paid / or there is partial payment (INR Y) of dues during the month of
February, the overdue as on 01-03-2021 will be INR X - INR Y.
Additionally, an amount of INR Z becomes due as on 01-03-2021. Now any payment partial payment
into the account on or after 01-03-2021 will be first utilized to pay off the partial due of 01-02-2021
(INR X - INR Y). If there is more recovery than the INR X - INR Y, then after recovering dues of
01-02-2021, the remaining amount will be treated as recovery towards due of 01-03-2021

(iv) Age of oldest dues:

‘The age of oldest dues is reckoned in days from the date on which the oldest payment is due and
continues to remain unpaid. In the aforesaid illustration, if the dues relating to 01-02-2021 remain
unpaid till 01-03-2021, the age of the oldest dues is reckoned as 29 days on 02-03-2021

(b) Classification as Special Mention Account (SMA) and Non-Performing Asset (NPA)
Lending institutions will recognize the incipient stress in loan accounts, immediately on default, by
classifying them as Special Mention Accounts (SMA). The basis of classification of SMA / NPA category

shall be as follows:
Loans other than revolving facilities Loans in the nature of cash credit / overdraft
SMA_ Sub | Basis for classification - SMA Sub- Basis for classification — Outstanding balance
categories | Principal or interest | categories remains continuously in excess of the
payment or any other sanctioned limit or drawing power, whichever
amount wholly or partly is lower, for a period of.
overdue
SMA 0 Up to 30 days NA NA
SMA | More than 30 days and Up | SMAI More than 30 days and Up
to 60 days to 60 days
SMA2 More than 60 days and Up | SMA2 More than 60 days and Up
to 90 days to 90 days

16

--- Page 17 ---
(c) Non-performing Asset:
Non-Performing Asset (NPA) is a loan or an advance where:

()__ Interest and/or instalment of principal remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days in respect
of a term loan,

(ii) The account remains ‘out of order’ as indicated below, in respect of an Overdraft / Cash Credit (OD /
cc),

(iii) The bill remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days in the case of bills purchased and
discounted,

(iv) The instalment of principal or interest thereon remains overdue for two crop seasons for short
duration crops

(v) The instalment of principal or interest thereon remains overdue for one crop season for long duration
crops.

(vi) The amount of liquidity facility remains outstanding for more than 90 days, in respect of a
securitisation transaction undertaken in terms of the Reserve Bank of India (Securitisation of
Standard Assets) Directions, 2021.

(vii) in respect of derivative transactions, the overdue receivables representing positive mark-to-market
value of a derivative contract, if these remain unpaid for a period of 90 days from the specified due
date for payment.

(d) ‘Out of Order’ Status:
An account shall be treated as ‘out of order’ if:

(i) the outstanding balance in the CC/OD account remains continuously in excess of the sanctioned limit/drawing
power for 90 days, or

(ii) the outstanding balance in the CC/OD account is less than the sanctioned limit/drawing power but there are
no credits continuously for 90 days, or the outstanding balance in the CC/OD account is less than the
sanctioned limit/drawing power but credits are not enough to cover the interest debited during the previous
90 days period.

Illustrative movement of an account to SMA category to NPA category based on delay / non-payment
of dues and subsequent upgradation to Standard category at day end process:

Due date of] Payment | Payment covers ‘Age of oldest] SMA/NPA | SMA since | NPA NPA Date
payment date dues in days | categorisation | date /SMA. | categorization
class date
01.01.2022 | 01.01.2022 | Entire dues upto] 0 NIL NA NA NA
01.01.2022
01.02.2022 | 01.02.2022 | No Payment or Partly| 1 SMA 01.02.2022 | NA NA
paid dues of
01.02.2022
01.02.2022 | 02.02.2022 | No Payment or Partly] 2 SMA-O 01.02.2022 [NA NA
paid dues of
01.02.2022
01.03.2022 Dues of 01.02.2022 not | 29 SMA 01.02.2022 [ NA NA
fully paid 01.03.2022
is also due at EOD
01.03.2022
Dues of 01.02.2022 | 1 SMAO 01.03.2022, [ NA NA
fully paid, Due for
01.03.2022 is not paid
at EOD 01.03.2022
No payment of full | 31 SMAI 01.02.2022) | NA NA
dues of 01.02.2022 and 03.03.2022
01.03.2022 at EOD
03.03.2022

17

--- Page 18 ---
Dues of 01.02.2022

fully paid, due for
01.03.2022 not fully

paid at EOD
01.03.2022

01.03.2022

01.04.2022

‘No payment of dues of

01.02.2022,

01.03.2022 and

amount — dues
01.04.2022 at EOD
01.04.2022

on

SMA-1

01.02.2022/
02,04,2022

NA

NA

‘No payment of dues of

01.02.2022
01.04.2022
EOD02.04.2022

till)
at

61

SMA2

01.02.2022

02.04.2022

NA

NA

01.05.2022

‘No payment of dues of

01.02.2022
01.05.2022 at EOD
01.05.2022

All]

SMA2

01.02.2022
/

02.04.2022

NA

NA

No payment of dues of

01.02.2022
01.05.2022 at EOD
02.08.2022

Ail]

a

NPA

NA

NA

02.05.2022

01.06.2022

01.06.2022

Fully paid dues
01.02.2022 at EOD
01.06.2022

of

8

NPA

NA

NPA

02.05.2022

01.07.2022

01.07.2022

Paid entire dues of
01.03.2022
01.04.2022 at EOD
01.07.2022

62

NPA

NA

NPA

02.05.2022

01.08.2022

01.08.2022

Paid entire dues of
01.05.2022
01.06.2022 at EOD
01.08.2022

32

NPA

NA

02.05.2022

01.09.2022

01,09,2022

Paid entire dues of
01.07.2022
01.08.2022 at EOD
01.09.2022

NPA

NA

NPA

02.05.2022

01.10.2022

01.10.2022

Paid entire dues of
01.09.2022
01.10.2022

Standard
Account with
No Overdues

NA

NA

STD from|
01.10.2022

(ce) The Borrower agrees and acknowledges that the manner of classification and illustrations of SMA and NPA
as provided in sub-clauses (a) to (d) above in which the Bank is required to classify accounts as SMA / NPA

as per the various applicable regulations and guidelines issued by RBI from time to time and:

(i) the same is liable to change / be modified as per the requirements of the RBI guidelines in the matter
issued from time to time. Any such change shall be intimated by the Bank to the Borrower from time to
time and the Borrower agrees and acknowledges that such intimation shall accordingly modify the manner
and illustrations provided herein without a need for further amendment to the Agreement or require
specific acknowledgment of the Borrower; and

(ii) the Bank shall have the right to classify the account of the Borrower with the Bank as SMA / NPA as per
the applicable regulations / guidelines issued by RBI from time to time even though the manner of
classification and the illustrations thereof are not set forth in this Agreement or the Sanction Letter(s).

(Signature of customer/borrower)

--- Page 19 ---
Annexure - 1

DECLARATION

(To be obtained in case the executant signs in the language other than English and illiterates)

The contents of the Agreement dated executed by

1. Mr/Mrs. 2. Mr/Mrs.

3. Mr/Mrs. in favour of AXIS Bank Ltd. for the
credit facilities / pan of Rs. have been read over andtranslate into and

explained to Mr./Mrs.

the Borrowers/Co Borrower/ Guarantors and he/she/they having understood the contents therof subscribed to
the Agreement (dated at this day of 20 )

Declarant’s Name

Adress

Signature of Declarant

Date

Signature/Thumb Impression

of Customer

RAJAL - Agreement Bank Copy / March 2024 / Version 15

19
